# Amrita-Network-Parser
**Abstract:** Network forensics is the use of investigative techniques to analyse data that passes through a network in order to identify, monitor, and investigate security incidents. Network forensics is used to detect malicious activity such as malware, hacking, and data theft, as well as to analyse network performance issues. Network forensics tools are typically used to capture, store, and analyse network packet data, which can help in identifying the source of a security incident, the types of activities that occurred, and the impact of the attack. 
Network forensics tools are used to capture, monitor and analyse network traffic or packets for the purpose of network security and troubleshooting. They can be used to investigate suspicious activities like malware, DDoS attacks, unauthorized access and more. They can also be used to detect anomalies in the network, such as unusual traffic patterns or suspicious user activity. Additionally, they can be used to reconstruct past activities, such as discovering the source of a breach or the malicious activity of an attacker. 
The Amrita Network Parser is a network forensics project designed to analyze network traffic and extract important information that can aid in the investigation of cyber-attacks. This project includes a suite of tools that can parse and analyze network packets, reconstruct network sessions by using the data and can a replay attack can be performed, and extract various network-related artifacts such as IP addresses, number of bytes of data transferred. 
Amrita NetParser analyses network logs using a CSV file as the input. The following elements are present in the csv file's format: time connection made with source, destination, and source and destination ports using the usual epoch value Total bytes transmitted, bytes received (from destination to source), and bytes sent (from source to destination).  
 
